In 2006, an Australian man tried to sell New Zealand on eBay.
There was a third Apple founder. Ronald Wayne sold his 10% stake for $800 in 1976.
Reed Hastings was inspired to start Netflix after racking up a $40 late fee on a VHS copy of Apollo 13.
In Japan, letting a sumo wrestler make your baby cry is considered good luck.
At one point in the 1990s, 50% of all CDs produced worldwide were for AOL.
Nutella was invented during WWII.
Prairie dogs say hello with kisses.
A 2009 search for the Loch Ness Monster came up empty.
In the mid-1980s, Fergie of The Black Eyed Peas was the voice of Charlie Brown's sister Sally.
Jonas Salk declined to patent his polio vaccine.
Only one McDonald’s in the world has turquoise arches.
The 50-star American flag was designed by an Ohio high school student for a class project.
The most commonly stolen vehicle in 2012 was the 1994 Honda Accord.
After leaving office, Lyndon Johnson let his hair grow out.
Crabs have their own version of the fist pump.
Sean Connery turned down the Gandalf role in Lord of the Rings.
Chock Full o' Nuts coffee does not contain nuts.
12+1 = 11+2, and "twelve plus one" is an anagram of "eleven plus two."
If your dog's feet smell like corn chips, you're not alone.
Winston Churchill's mother was born in Brooklyn.
There's a basketball court above the Supreme Court.
The medical term for ice cream headaches is sphenopalatine ganglioneuralgia.
After Leonardo da Vinci's death, King Francis I of France hung the Mona Lisa in his bathroom.
Redondo Beach, CA adopted the Goodyear Blimp as the city's official bird in 1983.
Peeps Lip Balm is something that exists.
Quentin Tarantino played an Elvis impersonator on The Golden Girls.
Sleeping through winter is hibernation, while sleeping through summer is estivation.
In Spain, Mr. Clean is known as Don Limpio.
The famous Aaron Burr “Got Milk?” ad from 1993 was directed by Michael Bay.
Marie Curie's notebooks are still radioactive.
Janis Joplin left $2,500 in her will for her friends to "have a ball after I’m gone."
Fredric Baur invented the Pringles can.
Ben & Jerry originally considered getting into the bagel business.
The first webcam watched a coffee pot.
The original Space Jam website still exists.
"G-Mail" was the name of a free email service offered by Garfield's website.
The final speech by Gregory Peck in To Kill a Mockingbird was done in one take.
In 1980, Detroit presented Saddam Hussein with a key to the city.
In Super Mario Bros, the bushes are just clouds colored green.
When fruit flies are infected with a parasite, they self-medicate with booze.
Crayola means "oily chalk."
The Pittsburgh Penguins made Mister Rogers an honorary captain in 1991.
In 1493, Columbus thought he saw mermaids.
An early ATM was deemed a failure.
Truman Show Delusion is a real mental condition.
Cookie Monster is not changing his name.
Sea otters hold hands when they sleep so they don't drift apart.
In 1986, Apple launched a clothing line.
Between 1900 and 1920, Tug of War was an Olympic event.
The word "unfriend" appeared in print all the way back in 1659.
The Code of Hammurabi decreed that bartenders who watered down beer would be executed.
Wilford Brimley was Howard Hughes's bodyguard.
